RSP Website Copy Changes (#470)
adobe-private/react-spectrum-v3: packages/dev/docs/pages/react-aria/index.mdx

<Highlights items={[
  {
    title: 'Accessible',

>     description: 'React Aria provides accessibility and behavior according to [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/), including full screen reader and keyboard navigation support. All components have been tested across a wide variety of screen readers and devices to ensure the best experience possible for all users.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: <>React Aria provides accessibility and behavior according to <a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/" target="_blank">WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices</a>, including full screen reader and keyboard navigation support. All components have been tested across a wide variety of screen readers and devices to ensure the best experience possible for all users.</>
```
